# Constitution

### Article III
[1] The Legislative Branch is responsible for the hearing of Requests, the formation of Law, and the repeal thereof. The Legislative Branch consists of Committees and Congresses. Any legal citizens (“The People”) have the right to have their Request be heard by a Legislative Committee.

[2] A Request is a formal appeal by The People to enact a new Law. Requests are submitted anonymously, and consist only of the text of the Law the People wish to enact. The District Government is required to provide a paid, optional system for the creation of a Request based off of an idea. Committees are not to know whether this system was used.
[3] There are two types of Committees: Second Class and First Class. There are three types of Congresses: District Congress, Provincial Congress, and National Congress. Committees are not for pay, but instead for tax breaks. Congresses are a form of employment and must offer pay. 

[4] One Second Class Committee will be established for every four blocks of real estate (urban area) or 100 people (rural area).The Second Class Committee is to consist of eleven members, who serve six month terms and are elected by members of their jurisdiction (“the Community”). Second Class Committee members must live in the Committee’s Community. People will send Requests to their Committee. The Committee will meet once every seven days and vote on every request. If the Request is voted positive, it will become Law in the Community after seven days. If 1/3 of the Community petitions in disapproval, a meeting will occur in which Community members present will vote to repeal the law. Requests may also be made to repeal a Law, which requires a 7/11 majority by the Committee to succeed.

[5] First Class Committees change every seven days. At the end of a Second Class Committee meeting, they will elect two Community members to serve in a First Class Committee meeting the following week. Eleven Communities will send members to form one First Class Committee. The First Class Committee will receive all Laws enacted by a Second Class Committee. People may also send a Request to a First Class Committee if they do not wish to achieve local scope or do not have permanent residence. First Class Committees may optionally consider Requests denied by a Second Class Committee but resubmitted to a First Class Committee. First Class Committees are required to consider Requests from those without legal residence. First Class Committees split randomly into three groups of eleven, each of which is randomly assigned Requests and Laws. The Committee will first filter through all Second Class Committee Laws and vote to ensure they are constitutional and in their jurisdiction. All Laws failing this vote will be immediately repealed. Then the Committee will vote whether the Law should be considered by District Congress. All Laws failing this vote will remain enacted in their respective Community. Considered Requests will only be subject to this second vote.

[6] A District Congress consists of one member for every First Class Committee. Members of the District Congress serve two year terms. A person can only serve two years out of six. Elections for District Congress occur at every fourth Second Class Committee Election. There is no term limit for District Congress members. A District Congress receives all Requests voted positive by a First Class Committee. Two votes will occur for each Request. First, the Congress will vote the Request into Law. If this is successful, the Congress will vote whether or not the Law moves on to the Provincial Congress. The member who received the most votes at the past Election is the Congressional President, and serves as tie breaker. 

[7] A Provincial Congress consists of two members for every District in the represented Province. Members of the Provincial Congress serve four year terms. A person can only serve four years out of six. Provincial Congress members can serve a maximum of five terms. Elections for Provincial Congress occur at every eighth Second Class Committee Election. A Provincial Congress receives all Requests voted positive in both votes by a District Congress. Two votes will occur for each Request. First, the Congress will vote the Request into Law. If this is successful, the Congress will vote whether or not the Law moves on to the National Congress. The member who received the most votes at the past Election is the Congressional President, and serves as tie breaker. 

[8] The National Congress consists of two Houses: The House of The People and The House of Provinces. Members of both serve a four year term. Members of the National Congress may serve a maximum terms, and may serve only four years for every eight. The House of Provinces election requires only one vote at every eighth Second Class Committee election. Each voter will vote for a candidate from their Province. The final House of Provinces will have one member from each Province. The House of The People has 25 members. The election process requires five optional votes over the course of five weeks. At each vote, voters will select their preferred candidate. The five candidates with the most votes will be elected. This will happen five times to get the final number of 25 members. Requests approved by the Provincial Congress to continue to the National Congress as well as Requests composed by Congress members are distributed randomly to the two Houses. A simple majority vote is needed to put the Request into effect across the entire nation.

[9] Congresses have the right to tax, but Committees do not. National minimum wage is the absolute minimum, but Provincial and District Congresses may increase the minimum wage. Provincial and District Congresses have the right to enact a charity tax, however this tax must only apply to a certain upper class. No Committee or Congress has the right to violate any Law stated in this Constitution. Only the National Congress may amend this Constitution. Congresses and Committees may not make decisions from a religious or biased standpoint. All states must maintain the status of a Republic. No member of a Committee or Congress can be a part of, be involved with, or pledge allegiance to an organized political party. 